Update Matt-Wicks.md (#971)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Matt-Wicks/Matt-Wicks.md

[[imgBadge]]
| ![devops](../badges/Business-microsoft-azure-devops.png)

> Matt is an elite SSW Solution Architect who runs the Newcastle office. Matt stands out in the tech landscape as a certified Scrum Master, an Octopus Insider, and is GitHub accredited. From the early days when .NET 2 was still in beta, Matt has been harnessing the full potential of the Microsoft stack, coding his way to ingenious solutions that deliver significant business value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matt is an elite SSW Solution Architect who runs the Newcastle office. Matt stands out in the tech landscape as a certified Scrum Master, an Octopus Insider, and is GitHub accredited. From the early days when .NET 2 was still in beta, Matt has been capitalizing on the full potential of the Microsoft stack, coding his way to ingenious solutions that deliver significant business value.
```
